# Corpus Browser v1.1.2 Review

This is a review of the python program found in CorpusBrowser-Convokit-v1.1.2.py

## \_\_init\_\_

The constructor/initial command that is run upon startup.

### Usecase

This defines the base program and sets up the following things:

1. tkinter window with references to a number of other functions upon buttons being pressed
2. doesn't actually append any data to the frames- just sets them up to be filled at a later date.
3. lists all files in the "Database" directory- these are all the existing DB's
   1. has the user select a database from the list
   2. loads the database and attempts to load it in.
   3. Sets up search, refresh, and annotation buttons
   4. adds data to columns and loads in the db with my SQL

### Portability

It's most likely that we won't be able to port any of this code to the new app- all the function really does is setup and data loading. This will all have to be rewritten the be compatible with a cloud-based setup.

---

## balacnePer(self, e)

### Usecase

This command seems to take in an entry (which is [a tkinter widget](tutorialspoint.com/python/tk_entry.htm) that accepts a small amount of text input) and set the percentage of data to be used when trainig a model.

It only accepts a number between 0 and 100 (as it represents a percentge)

### Portability

While the exact code cannot be copied, we should port this _functionality_ to the browser version- i.e

---

## logReg(self, dumpOnly = 'N')

### Usecase

This command both takes in input from the user regarding what data to use in the regression, what data the regression should attempt to predict, and executes it. _ideally, as per seperation of concerns, we should seperate the input and processing of data into two methods_

`dumpOnly` if set to N, the function does not display the data, only dumping it to a file to be saved. see lines 1116-1161

```python
  if dumpOnly == 'N':
    # some python formatting the regression to be readable in a popup

    # ans will evaluate to 0 if the user clicks no, 1 if otherwise
    ans = tkMessageBox.askyesno("save data?", "Save raw data for later?");
  else
    ans = 1;

  # some python to finalize the regression data for display in GUI tables

  if ans == 1:
    # another function that manages exporting data to a CSV
    self.exportDataDump(features, x, y, sen, predField, idSent)
```

### Portability

This will need to be ported from this program to the server, and client. When a user requests a regression be run on the client side, the data attributes requested should be sent along through a POST call to the server.

---

## exportDataDump(self, columns, xdata, ydata, ..., args)

### Usecase

This function takes in regression data and saves it to a CSV that is then written to the system- the user also is prompted to select a save location and name in this function

### Portability

This will have to be broken out into a client and serverside component- user will be asked if they'd like to download a file from the client side after a regression is run, the server will then create the file and host it temporarily- after the user downloads it, the file should be deleted.

---
